docs/content/docs/development/contributing.mdx, before:

---
title: Contributing Guide
description: How to contribute to the IINA Plugin Bookmarks project
---

import { Callout } from 'fumadocs-ui/components/callout';
import { Step, Steps } from 'fumadocs-ui/components/steps';

# Contributing Guide

Thank you for your interest in contributing to IINA Plugin Bookmarks! This guide will help you get started.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- **Node.js** (v18 or higher)
- **npm** or **pnpm** 
- **Git**
- **IINA** media player (for testing)
- **TypeScript** knowledge (recommended)

### Development Setup

<Steps>
  <Step>
    ### Fork and Clone
    
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/iina-plugin-bookmarks.git
    cd iina-plugin-bookmarks
    ```
  </Step>
  
  <Step>
    ### Install Dependencies
    
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```
  </Step>
  
  <Step>
    ### Build and Test
    
    ```bash
    npm run build
    npm test
    ```
  </Step>
</Steps>

## Development Workflow

### Commit Guidelines

We follow [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/):

```bash
feat: add bookmark export functionality
fix: resolve metadata detection for edge cases  
docs: update installation instructions
test: add unit tests for bookmark manager
```

### Code Standards

- Use strict TypeScript settings
- Add JSDoc comments for public APIs
- Follow ESLint and Prettier configurations
- Maintain 80%+ test coverage

## Testing

Write comprehensive tests using Vitest:

```typescript
describe('BookmarkManager', () => {
  it('should create a new bookmark', async () => {
    await manager.addBookmark('Test Movie', 120);
    expect(manager.getBookmarks()).toHaveLength(1);
  });
});
```

## Pull Request Process

1. Create feature branch from `develop`
2. Make changes with tests
3. Update documentation if needed
4. Submit PR with clear description
5. Address review feedback

<Callout type="info">
  For major changes, please open an issue for discussion first.
</Callout>

## Community Guidelines

- Be respectful and inclusive
- Provide constructive feedback
- Help others learn and grow
- Follow our Code of Conduct

Thank you for contributing! 🎉

Commit message:

docs: comprehensive documentation site overhaul
- Rewrite all API docs to match post-refactoring codebase
- Delete obsolete metadata-detector and performance-utilities pages
- Fix architecture docs with actual project structure
- Update contributing guide (pnpm, Node 22+, Husky v9)
- Add getting-started, user-interface, and cloud-sync pages
- Enhance home page with hero, feature cards, quick start
- Add SEO infrastructure: sitemap, robots.txt, JSON-LD, canonical URLs
- Add accessibility: skip link, font display swap
- Add llms.txt for AI discoverability
- Configure for Vercel deployment at iina-plugin-bookmarks.w4w.dev
- Remove marketing fluff and fix broken internal links
- Register Fumadocs MDX components (Accordion, ImageZoom, TypeTable, Files)
- Add custom 404 page and code block syntax themes

docs/content/docs/development/contributing.mdx, after:

---
title: Contributing Guide
description: How to contribute to the IINA Plugin Bookmarks project
---

import { Callout } from 'fumadocs-ui/components/callout';
import { Step, Steps } from 'fumadocs-ui/components/steps';

# Contributing Guide

Thank you for your interest in contributing to IINA Plugin Bookmarks! This guide will help you get started.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- **Node.js** (v22 or higher)
- **pnpm** (v10 or higher)
- **Git**
- **IINA** media player (for testing)
- **TypeScript** knowledge (recommended)

### Development Setup

<Steps>
  <Step>
    ### Fork and Clone
    
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/iina-plugin-bookmarks.git
    cd iina-plugin-bookmarks
    ```
  </Step>
  
  <Step>
    ### Install Dependencies

    ```bash
    pnpm install
    ```
  </Step>

  <Step>
    ### Build and Test

    ```bash
    make build
    make test
    ```
  </Step>
</Steps>

## Development Workflow

### Build Commands

```bash
make build    # TypeScript compile + Parcel UI build
make test     # Run test suite with Vitest
make dev      # Start dev servers for sidebar/overlay/window
make release  # Full production pipeline
```

### Commit Guidelines

We follow [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/):

```bash
feat: add bookmark export functionality
fix: resolve metadata detection for edge cases
docs: update installation instructions
test: add unit tests for bookmark manager
```

The project uses Husky v9 pre-commit hooks with lint-staged to enforce code quality. Your commits will automatically be linted and formatted before being accepted.

### Code Standards

- Use strict TypeScript settings
- Add JSDoc comments for public APIs
- Follow ESLint 9 flat config and Prettier 3.x configurations
- Maintain 80%+ test coverage

## Testing

Write comprehensive tests using Vitest:

```typescript
describe('BookmarkManager', () => {
  it('should create a new bookmark', async () => {
    await manager.addBookmark('Test Movie', 120);
    expect(manager.getBookmarks()).toHaveLength(1);
  });
});
```

## Pull Request Process

1. Create feature branch from `main`
2. Make changes with tests
3. Update documentation if needed
4. Submit PR with clear description
5. Address review feedback

<Callout type="info">
  For major changes, please open an issue for discussion first.
</Callout>

## Community Guidelines

- Be respectful and inclusive
- Provide constructive feedback
- Help others learn and grow
- Follow our Code of Conduct

Thank you for contributing!
